README.md, before:

Scal
====

The Scal framework provides implementations and benchmarks for concurrent
objects.  The benchmarks show the trade-off between concurrent data structure
semantics and scalability.

Homepage: http://scal.cs.uni-salzburg.at

Dependencies
------------

* pkg-config
* gflags
* google-perftools
* g++ with support for template aliasing (>= 4.7)

Building
--------

This is as easy as

    git submodule init
    git submodule update
    ./configure
    make

See `./configure --help` for optional features, for instance compiling with
debugging symbols.

The format for the resulting binaries is `<benchmark>-<datastructure>`. Each
binary supports the `--help` parameter to show a list of supported configuration
flags.

Examples
--------

### Producer/consumer

The most common parameter are:
* consumers: Number of consuming threads
* producers: Number of producing threads
* c: The computational workload to do between two data structure operations
* operations: The number of put/enqueue operations the should be performed by a producer

The following runs the Michael-Scott queue in a producer/consumer benchmark:

    ./prodcon-ms -producers=15 -consumers=15 -operations=100000 -c=250

And the same for the bounded-size k-FIFO queue:

    ./prodcon-bskfifo -producers=15 -consumers=15 -operations=100000 -c=250

And for Distributed Queue with a 1-random balancer:

    ./prodcon-dq-1random -producers=15 -consumers=15 -operations=100000 -c=250


Try `./prodcon-<data_structure> --help` to see the full list of available parameters.

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2012-2013, the Scal Project Authors.
All rights reserved. Please see the AUTHORS file for details.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND 
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE 
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND 
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The views and conclusions contained in the software and documentation are those
of the authors and should not be interpreted as representing official policies, 
either expressed or implied, of the Scal Project.

Commit message:

README: Mention framework tests
Signed-off-by: Michael Lippautz <michael.lippautz@gmail.com>

README.md, after:

Scal
====

The Scal framework provides implementations and benchmarks for concurrent
objects.  The benchmarks show the trade-off between concurrent data structure
semantics and scalability.

Homepage: http://scal.cs.uni-salzburg.at

Dependencies
------------

* pkg-config
* gflags
* google-perftools
* g++ with support for template aliasing (>= 4.7)

Building
--------

This is as easy as

    git submodule init
    git submodule update
    ./configure
    make

See `./configure --help` for optional features, for instance compiling with
debugging symbols.

The format for the resulting binaries is `<benchmark>-<datastructure>`. Each
binary supports the `--help` parameter to show a list of supported configuration
flags.

The Scal framework should work on any recent x86 platform. However, various
tests can be performed after building the framework.

    make check

Examples
--------

### Producer/consumer

The most common parameter are:
* consumers: Number of consuming threads
* producers: Number of producing threads
* c: The computational workload to do between two data structure operations
* operations: The number of put/enqueue operations the should be performed by a producer

The following runs the Michael-Scott queue in a producer/consumer benchmark:

    ./prodcon-ms -producers=15 -consumers=15 -operations=100000 -c=250

And the same for the bounded-size k-FIFO queue:

    ./prodcon-bskfifo -producers=15 -consumers=15 -operations=100000 -c=250

And for Distributed Queue with a 1-random balancer:

    ./prodcon-dq-1random -producers=15 -consumers=15 -operations=100000 -c=250


Try `./prodcon-<data_structure> --help` to see the full list of available parameters.

License
-------

Copyright (c) 2012-2013, the Scal Project Authors.
All rights reserved. Please see the AUTHORS file for details.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met: 

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer. 
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution. 

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND 
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE 
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR 
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND 
ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

The views and conclusions contained in the software and documentation are those
of the authors and should not be interpreted as representing official policies, 
either expressed or implied, of the Scal Project.
